feat: Add async REST scan planning poll and plan storage credentials (#3724)
apache/iceberg-python: mkdocs/docs/api.md

[task.file.file_path for task in scan.plan_files()]
```

> When the REST catalog is configured with `scan-planning-mode=server` and advertises the plan endpoint, `plan_files()` / `to_arrow()` use server-side scan planning. Catalogs that return async plans (`status=submitted`) are polled automatically; see [REST Catalog configuration](configuration.md#rest-catalog).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the REST catalog returns with `scan-planning-mode=server` and advertises the plan endpoint, `plan_files()` / `to_arrow()` for clients to use server-side scan planning. Catalogs that return async plans (`status=submitted`) are polled automatically till they reach terminal state; see [REST Catalog configuration](configuration.md#rest-catalog).
```
